Add SIPP contributions guide (#114)
wealthkernel/api-documentation-guides: docs/sipp-contributions/Basics.md

Keep in mind that inbound transfers from an external provider (i.e. a ceding provider) are not counted as SIPP contributions.

We track these SIPP contributions so that we can ensure that a member does not exceed their SIPP annual contribution limit, and so that we can claim back tax relief when the contribution is eligible.

For more information on SIPP accounts and members (parties), see [account basics](../accounts/Basics.md).

## Individual (member) contributions

Individual SIPP contributions are deposits where the paying party is the SIPP member (a `Person`) funds their own SIPP from their bank account. This can be done using our standard deposit process. Conceptually this is the member paying into their own pension wrapper.

### Tax relief

Individual SIPP contributions will receive tax relief which we (WealthKernel) will claim from HMRC. Tax relief is typically claimed once per month. When we receive the payment from HMRC, we will move the tax reclaim into their portfolio with a transaction of type `TaxReliefIn`.

## Employer contributions

> Employer contributions are deposits into the **member’s** SIPP where the paying party is an `Organization` (i.e. the member’s employer). The cash still lands in the member’s SIPP portfolio, but the source of funds and party on the deposit reflect the organisation making the payment.

Reviewer: More consistent with individual contribution description.
```suggestion
Employer contributions are deposits into the **member’s** SIPP where the paying party is the member's employer (an`Organization`). The cash still lands in the member’s SIPP portfolio, but the source of funds and party on the deposit reflect the organisation making the payment.
```
